yep Jim's dead viewers and I'm on danger
which means I can't run
I'm sure you're all saddened by that
fact
no i'm curious now yeah you can do
something with those
there you go viewers wherever the light
is is what gets it apparently from what
I saw and I'm just hobbling around
getting my ending and yes this video is
kind of pointless but it does serve as a
little bit of filler for us so like I
said in the another video viewers people
think that resident evil 5 is racing so
they didn't complain about Resident Evil
2 being sexist because it started
shooting females and so that was okay
shooting and females is okay but as soon
as that color changes that's bad which
brings up another point Resident Evil 4
you're an American and you're shooting
Spaniards okay that's not right people
complain about racism and there you go
that's what it is Hey look he's going to
San smooth out with that
things that strange if they are father
you want can i'll make from history
there is no awakening for you Kevin
sorry to say that but yes viewers we
finally got through this
rank be for time
bad points bad points yours as you can
see survivors do kill your points if
they die you die
that made no sense but yeah they kill
your points but at least my event
completions decent my time sucks my
survivor sucks my special items he sins
in my points suck let's exit and save
I'm kind of disappointed in that let's
play but and get what you could go with
him i right go to flow not going to let
that stop me help fire scenario this is
coming to you guys tomorrow takes place
inside of Apple in which was the place
that I was outside of an outbreak and
yes it is on fire a lot of it is on fire
and you you
you suck whoever programmed this Capcom
if one of your programmers is watching
this and he's the guy that did this I
hate you but i love you at the same time
the scenario is such a pain in the ass
but it's so much fun to play oh that's
pretty much it viewers thanks for
watching and if you enjoyed this
subscribe rate comment do whatever just
let me know that you liked it thank you
for watching